README.md, before:

![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/typelegend)
![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/0pilatos0/TypeLegend)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/0pilatos0/TypeLegend)

# TypeLegend - Your Typesafe Utility Library

![TypeLegend Logo](https://paulvanderlei.com/_next/image?url=%2Ftypejedi.png&w=3840&q=75)

TypeLegend is a versatile and typesafe utility library designed to simplify common tasks in your TypeScript projects. With TypeLegend, you can harness the power of TypeScript's strong typing system to write safer and more maintainable code.

## Features

- **Type Safety:** Ensure type correctness throughout your codebase, reducing runtime errors.
- **Utility Functions:** A collection of utility functions for common tasks.
- **Custom Types:** Pre-defined custom types for various scenarios.
- **Modular:** Use only the parts of TypeLegend that you need, keeping your bundle size minimal.

## Installation

You can install TypeLegend via npm or yarn:

```bash
npm install typelegend
# or
yarn add typelegend
# or
bun add typelegend
```

## Documentation

You can find the documentation for TypeLegend [here](/USAGE.md).

## License

TypeLegend is licensed under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have questions, please open an issue on the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/0pilatos0/TypeLegend/issues) or contact me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pilatobyte).

Commit message:

Update version and add utility functions and classes count

README.md, after:

![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/typelegend)
![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/0pilatos0/TypeLegend)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/0pilatos0/TypeLegend)

# TypeLegend - Your Typesafe Utility Library

TypeLegend is a versatile and typesafe utility library designed to simplify common tasks in your TypeScript projects. With TypeLegend, you can harness the power of TypeScript's strong typing system to write safer and more maintainable code.

- Total amount of typesafe utility functions: **74**
- Total amount of typesafe utility classes: **9**

## Features

- **Type Safety:** Ensure type correctness throughout your codebase, reducing runtime errors.
- **Utility Functions:** A collection of utility functions for common tasks.
- **Custom Types:** Pre-defined custom types for various scenarios.
- **Modular:** Use only the parts of TypeLegend that you need, keeping your bundle size minimal.

## Installation

You can install TypeLegend via npm or yarn:

```bash
npm install typelegend
# or
yarn add typelegend
# or
bun add typelegend
```

## Documentation

You can find the documentation for TypeLegend [here](/USAGE.md).

## License

TypeLegend is licensed under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have questions, please open an issue on the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/0pilatos0/TypeLegend/issues) or contact me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pilatobyte).
